How do you spend a Friday or Saturday night?
Watch telly.
Just the two of you?
Oh, sometimes I've got to go up mam's look after her so I don't get back to the bit up I sent at night on a Saturday.
So where's your mam?
Yeah, cos she won't.
Where is she then?
Malpas.
How do you get that far?
And you look after her do you?
Yeah. She's 94 nearly 95 and she hasn't got any carers coming in.
So I'm going to see about carers now coming in so I can look after Linda.
So you go there on Saturday do you?
Yeah, Saturday after we see no friends I'll be up there on a Saturday afternoon.
Make sure I'm alright and then he goes up his mam's then.
Leave her about four and I'll get back at about seven.
And a Friday night you watch telly do you?
Yeah.
Are you usually staying together on a Friday night?
Yes.
Yeah, but sometimes I know Linda's here on her own I've got to go up and see mam.
You go on a Friday as well?
Yeah, every Friday night.
But it's not long before you come back though.
In the afternoon or in the afternoon I go up in the morning sometimes and I'll get back in about four o'clock.
Yeah.